this is where wild I'm in today's video
I'm going to be talking a little bit
about how to play trills on the hub
trolls are a really good kind of
standard blues technique to use when
you're soloing and also when you're
backing up a singer or filling in the
gaps between the vocal phrases a lot of
your muddy water stuff had a lot of
trolls in it just used as like when your
man is not that kind of thing so I'm
really good just to add to fill in gaps
the most common trill that you're here
is four and five draw so starting on
hold for a lot of the time people tend
to scoop into the notes if you start on
a pre bent through a four and then let
it up I'm going to the trill
so when you're doing this you want to
make sure that you're getting an equal
amount of each hold so you're not going
right start off really slowly when
you're practicing and make sure that
you're not bending a lot of people get
that sound and the reason that happens
is they're tempting up in their jaw and
in their mouth so try and keep
everything relaxed keep your mouth and
your throat open and keep your lips on
the harp all the time one long breath in
we're not going right it's a one long
controlled breath and just move the
heart from side to side and just go as
fast as you can don't rush it start
slowly and gradually speed it up as you
as she can some people like to keep
their head still move for harp that's
what I do some people keep the harp in
place and move their head it's up to you
just try them both to see what works
best so you can you can play a trill on
any two notes on the harp any two hop
holes that are side by side you can do
it blow or draw
obviously some are gonna sound better
than others like I said four and five
drools the main one three and four draw
gets used a lot and it has more of a
kind of mellow kind of a sound often
you'll hear people start trill on three
and four and bend it down also gets
using kind of country stuff so there you
go that's trills and next week I'm going
to be back with another lesson showing
you how to use these in a song we're
gonna do easy by big water horn
if you have to forget to subscribe and I
also offer Skype lessons if you're
interested in one to one lesson with me
send me a message to my inbox and please
check out my band is will harmonica wild
calm thanks